{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue236;\red0\green0\blue128;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh16740\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 $(PRODUCT_TRADEMARKED_NAME_RTF) ReadMe
\f1\b0\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 \

\f2\i This file has been prepared in compliance with the $(PRODUCT_NAME) Distribution Policy.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\i0\b\fs24 \cf0 Important Information
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 Since $(PRODUCT_NAME) is tested by users, bugs are being reported and fixes are being made available to users continuously. Patches, or small updates to fix bugs and add new features, are released on a regular basis. Users are 
\f0\b strongly encouraged
\f1\b0  to download and install patches as they become available from the following site:\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "$(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/patch.php"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 $(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/patch.php}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Please note that since the latest patch always includes the fixes and features from previous patches, the patches can be several megabytes in size.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Installing $(PRODUCT_NAME)
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
$(PRODUCT_NAME) uses the standard Mac OS X Installer and requires your Administrator password to properly install the application. $(PRODUCT_NAME) Language Packs and Patches also use the Mac OS X Installer.\
\
If this distribution also contains additional Language Packs\cf2 *\cf0  or Patches, you should install items in the following order:\
\
1. $(PRODUCT_NAME)\
2. Language Pack(s)\
3. Latest Patch\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf2 *\cf0  Not all languages have a Language Pack (provides user interface and help in your language) available. Please note that installing a language pack will not add spellchecking support for a language. $(PRODUCT_NAME) will automatically use the Mac OS X spellchecker for supported languages; to add spellchecking support for a language not supported by the Mac OS X spellchecker, launch $(PRODUCT_NAME) and select the Tools :: Language :: More Dictionaries Online... menu.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Support\

\f1\b0\fs22 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\ql\qnatural
\cf0 If you have any problems, a list of suggested steps for finding an answer for a problem as fast as possible is available on the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "$(PRODUCT_SUPPORT_URL)"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 $(PRODUCT_SUPPORT_URL_TEXT)}} page.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Distributing Copies of $(PRODUCT_NAME)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
$(PRODUCT_NAME) is a registered trademark of Planamesa Inc. within the United States for all goods falling within International Class 9, including but not limited to software and computer software products. This trademark is in effect until 2023 under Section 8 of the Trademark Act of 1946.\
\
The GNU General Public License (GPL) does not cover trademark usage, only source code copyright. Trademark usage is covered under different laws.\
\
Planamesa Inc. will take whatever legal action is necessary to ensure no one uses the $(PRODUCT_NAME) trademark in any way the trademark holder deems to be unfit. 
\f0\b Any usage of the $(PRODUCT_NAME) trademark for software that is not directly affiliated with the trademark holder is hereby forbidden
\f1\b0 .\
\
This should also serve as notice that 
\f0\b usage of the $(PRODUCT_NAME) trademark is hereby granted for any mirroring of only the $(PRODUCT_NAME) binaries that are currently available for download from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "$(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 $(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/}}
\f1\b0  providing that you distribute such binaries to any and all individuals without charge. Personal or non-profit use of such binaries (e.g. burning CDs to hand out to family and friends, use for installs, handing out CDs at conferences, any non-profit activity or organization, etc.) is allowed by the usage policy.\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b \cf0 The moment that an exchange of money is involved, usage of the $(PRODUCT_NAME) trademark is hereby prohibited
\f1\b0 .\
\

\f0\b\fs24 Obtaining the Source Code for $(PRODUCT_NAME)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f1\b0\fs22 \cf0 \
Source code for $(PRODUCT_NAME) is available online. Instructions on obtaining the source can be found on the following site:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "$(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/build.php?fragment=source"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 $(PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/build.php?fragment=source\
}}}
