{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12360\viewh16740\viewkind1\viewscale100
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Apple's X11 for Mac OS X Installation Guide
\f1\b0\fs20 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural

\fs22 \cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Important Information
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
$(PRODUCT_TRADEMARKED_NAME_RTF) is an X11 application and cannot be installed unless you have already installed Apple's X11 for Mac OS X application. If you do not know what an X11 application is, then this product is probably not the right application for your needs and
\f0\b  we strongly encourage you to download and install the NeoOffice application instead as installing and configuring Apple's X11 for Mac OS X application can be a frustrating experience for many Mac OS X users
\f1\b0 .\
\
Like $(PRODUCT_NAME), NeoOffice is an open-source project developed and supported by an online community. You can download NeoOffice from the the following URL:\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab1134\ql\qnatural
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "$(ALT_PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \ul \ulc2 $(ALT_PRODUCT_BASE_URL)/}}\cf2 \ul \ulc2 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 What is X11?
\f1\b0 \
\

\fs22 X11 is a windowing system for Unix or Linux based systems. Basically it provides the means to display a GUI rather than just simple command line information. Mac OS X does not use this for its GUI, but has the ability to run X11. More information about X11 can be found in the following URLs:\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X11"}}{\fldrslt http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/X11}}\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/x11/"}}{\fldrslt http://www.apple.com/macosx/features/x11/}}\
\

\f0\b\fs24 Where do I get Apple's X11 for Mac OS X?
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
If you are running Mac OS X 10.3.x (Panther), insert disk 3 of your Mac OS X installation CD set and double-click on the X11User icon in the CD's Packages folder to install X11.\
\
If you are running Mac OS X 10.4.x (Tiger), insert your Mac OS X installation DVD and double-click on the Optional Installs icon. After moving through several panels, a panel will appear that has a list of packages. Check and expand the Applications options and then check the X11 suboption to install X11.\
\
If you are running Mac OS X 10.5 (Leopard), you do not need to install anything as X11 is automatically installed when you install Mac OS X 10.5.\
\

\f0\b\fs24 What do I do with it?
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
X11 doesn\'d5t do much by itself. What it does do is let you run programs (Linux or Unix based, mostly) that do not use the native OS X system. OpenOffice.org is an example of this, which runs on the Mac using X11. There are others, such as GIMP (a photoshop-esque program) and Scribus (a Quark-like program) which use this as well.\
\page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 Installing $(PRODUCT_NAME)
\f1\b0\fs22 \
\
$(PRODUCT_NAME) uses the standard Mac OS X Installer and requires your Administrator password to properly install the application. $(PRODUCT_NAME) Language Packs and Patches also use the Mac OS X Installer.\
\
If this distribution also contains additional Language Packs\cf2 *\cf0  or Patches, you should install items in the following order:\
\
1. Apple's X11 for Mac OS X\
2. $(PRODUCT_NAME)\
3. Language Pack(s)\
4. Latest Patch\
\
\cf2 *\cf0  Not all languages have a Language Pack (provides user interface and help in your language) available. Please note that installing a language pack will not add spellchecking support for a language. To add spellchecking support for a language, launch $(PRODUCT_NAME) and select the File :: Wizards :: Install new dictionaries... menu.}